Add Aserto (#95)
agamm/awesome-developer-first: README.md

## Authentication & Identity
*Products that handle authentication and user identity for you.*

> * [Aserto](https://www.aserto.com) - Fine-grained authorization as a service 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Aserto](https://www.aserto.com) - Cloud-native authorization for applications and APIs.
```

Author: looks good to me!
